Temple of Heaven Xuzhou See Tianxuan General
Master Xu, what's the situation?
Hurry up and see Tianshen Temple Tianxuan General
Lord Tianxuan
How do you have time to come here?
How dare you offend the shopkeeper?
Since when did the Temple of Heaven have you?
The gods dare to be late
Please also ask the owner to fire
Hey, these masters
Lord Lord
Sorry.
It's all these two villains
They were brutal.
Riding sin is in charge, my lord
You are actually the owner of the Temple of Heaven
Impossible! How can this dog be the owner?
Impossible! Impossible!
shut up
Lord Owner
It should be said that I pet these old grandpas
go up
Mom, I will definitely make you see again
Witness firsthand how I revived the false
Are you crazy?
Walking at night does not watch the road